Who we are

Protege is an award winning photography company with a mission to reinvent the consumer photography experience.

We started with a simple idea - to WOW our customers with service and experience.

WOW is such a simple word, but it really encompasses a lot of things. To WOW, you must differentiate yourself, which means doing something a little unconventional and innovative. You must do something that's above and beyond what's expected. And whatever you do must have an emotional impact on the receiver. Protege is not an average company, our service is not average, and we don't want our people to be average. Whether internally with co-workers or externally with our customers and partners, we strive to deliver the WOW factor every single time.


How we are different:

Protege is fanatical about our customers, and they are pretty excited about us too - over 90% of Protege customers actively refer us to family and friends, and they give us Rave Reviews Online. Everything we do at Protege is based on these simple core values:

•Exceptional Customer Service - With a customer focused ethos as our most important and recognized quality, we are delivering happiness to our customers through results.

•Deliver WOW. - Our philosophy is to WOW with service and experience. We seek to WOW our customers every time, by going above and beyond what's expected. Breaking the status quo,and deliver results that is both unconventional and innovative.

•Speed and Efficiency - We believe that the speed at which a customer receives a product plays a very important role in the photography process. At Protege, we have put a lot of focus on making sure the customers get the products as quickly as possible. Unlike most other companies, where you have to return to the studio at a later time to decide on your purchase, we make everything available to the customers immediately after their session.

•Studio Spaces with Personalities - A photography session is all about creating a comfortable and engaging environment in which the customers can have fun and recreate moments they want to remember. Each one of our distinctive studio facilities is purpose built to elevate the customer's sensory experience. Please click here for a tour of the Protege studio.

•Transparent Pricing - At Protege, we deliver top value at a very competitive rate. No fancy pricing or minimum orders. We keep everything simple and transparent.
 •Create Fun and Be Adventurous. - We value being fun. We want a company to have a unique and memorable personality, and we encourage outside the box thinking. At Protege, we celebrateand embrace our diversity and each person's individuality.

•Passion. - Passion is contagious. We value passion, determination, perseverance, and the sense of urgency. It is the fuel that drives us and our company forward.

•Embrace and Drive Change. - Let's all learn to not fear change, instead embrace it enthusiastically. Never be too comfortable with the status quo, and always be able to respond quick and adaptto change. Our company is always evolving. Our competitors can copy our images, our style, andthe look of our web site, but they cannot copy our people, our culture, or our service


The Team

Led by a team of stellar entrepreneurs and pro photographers, Protege is making positive changes to the consumer photography space. We've dedicated ourselves to bringing you the best photography experience, so that you can enjoy, and make the most of your memories. Here are the faces behind the brand.

Timothy Leung

Born in Hong Kong and educated in Europe. Timothy Leung is now based in San Francisco and Los Angeles. He began his photography career in the mid 1990s, and contributes to numerous international advertising campaigns and magazine covers-such as Vogue, Ralph Lauren, and J.Crew. Timothy has been honored by a wide range of photography awards and exhibitions. He had also recently published his first commercial photography book. In 2012, Timothy, Matt and Chris launched the PROTEGE brand in order to reinvent the consumer photography experience.

Matt Rolston

Matt has been a photographer and a director since 2001 when he began studying at the Pasadena Art Center. He recently published his first book Camera Art, which features his fine art work. His work has been exhibited and published internationally, and he teaches workshops across the US.
Matt has also been photographing performers, artwork, and community art events, such as the Apple and Oracle conferences, for more than 10 years. He handles all facets of production shoots in our Los Angeles production studio.

Chris Nolan

Chris has been our VP of marketing since our inception. He is in charge of our company's long term marketing strategy, and provides tremendous leadership to our team. Chris has over 20 years of marketing experience and is a genius when it comes to articulating a vision and strategy. Chris partnered up with Timothy and Matt because he saw an opportunity to disrupt this niche photography space. Currently he is based out of our San Francisco office.

John Robinson

John Robinson is a Bay Area native, he has always been involved with design and photography. Since graduating from Boston University with a Fine Art Degree, John has gone on to work with many top art directors and photographers in the field. He also teaches photography classes at the Academy of Arts in SF, and now starting to follow his dream of photojournalism and shooting for many magazines and newspapers in the city, while also producing he own photographic documentary stories.  John joined Protege since our launch, and has been our director of operation, as well as our customer liaison. His passion and enthusiasm for his work and people is quite contagious for our entire team.

Nick Patrick

Nick is passionate about fashion, style, and design. He has been involved in the entertainment industry for over 10 years. Having worked in Asia and Europe, he has a very eclectic international taste. Nick's keen eye for detail, and his worldly sense make him a great fit for the Protege company. He joined us in 2014, and has been an integral part of our operation ever since. He is also fantastic working with children and pets, and brings a tremendous among of energy to the set.

Tori Richards
Ms. Tori Richards was born and raised in London, England. She moved to the States and eventually discovered her love of photography at an early age. She found her way to PROTEGE studio because she came to help out two of our clients during their shoot. She is Tori the Nanny extraordinaire in another life, helping highly successful busy parents balance their family life with their work life. Tori has a love for children and photography which makes her a great fit for the Protege team. Currently, Tori is in charge of our accounting department, as well as helping us to stay sane as she applies her incredible organizational skills to our office and life.

Kimberly Moore

Kimberly is Protege's Customer Relations Director overseeing all areas of our daily operation. Kimberly brings extensive experience in customer development and management. She is passionate about people and joined us on a mission to turn Protege into the premiere photo destination for our clients by delivering outstanding values.

Barbara McGee

A 30 year veteran in the Fashion Styling industry.  Barbara has done work for magazines such as Glamour, Marie Claire, and Brides. She has also worked on numerous movie productions and independent films.  Now, she is devoted to guiding and teaching students how to make it in this competitive industry. In 2012, Barbara McGee team up with long time collaborator, creative director & photographer Timothy Leung to form Protege Artists, a makeup intensive academy in the Bay Area. Later, she was asked by Timothy to join the Protege Corporate brand to lead the Social Media department.